(The episode begins where we last left off; the trio and Meinya arrive on the 6th Layer.)

Vueko (narrating): I still remember it clearly. It was like something from another world. The Golden City where things that are behond human live.

Nanachi: Oh, wow!

Vueko: The place was boundless and vast and overwhelming. It was beyond anything we could handle.

(Riko takes off her jacket and ties it around her waist.)

Riko: Sure is hot.

Nanachi: So that rumor about a city of gold is at the bottom of the netherworld.

Riko: Yeah. I bet someone saw this and sent up a mail balloon.

(Riko steps on a tile and falls. Reg extends his arm to catch her.)

Riko: What is this? A building?

(Reg brings Riko back up.)

Nanachi: Try to be careful, okay?

Riko: Sorry. Look at this. It's some kind of crystal.

Reg: Did you hurt yourself?

Riko: I'm fine. (Gasps)

(Reg returns his arm.)

Riko: And check this out! It's like it's mixed into the building! Oh, wow! Incredible! How do you think this place was made? Did the surface collapse and get swallowed up a long time ago? Did the whole city get turned into a fossil? Or is it a mirage created by the crystals? Guess there's no way to be sure, but it's beautiful!

Meinya: Meyaaa.

(Theme song. "The episode's title reads "Capital of the Unreturned". Cuts to the scenery.)

Nanachi: Riko, sorry to bug you when you're so engrossed. A lot of flows of consciousness are gathering close by. It's dangerous here. Let's look for a place we can setup camp.

(The next shot is the trio walking through the scenery.)

Riko: Nanachi... do you maybe have a big piece of paper? We have to make our own map now.

Nanachi: There aren't anymore directions in your mom's letter?

Riko: Nope. It's mostly just about food at this point.

Nanachi: Must mean we're supposed to blaze our own trail, huh? In that case, I'll walk in front since I'm able to see the movements of the force field. You just give us the orders, Team Leader.

Riko: (Giggles) Team leader?

Nanachi: How are your injuries holding up, Reg? Are you able to take the rear?

Reg: No problem. Leave it to me.

Riko: Come to think of it, all four of us managed to make it down here just fine, didn't we?

Meinya: Maa.

Riko: That would mean White Whistles don't necessarily have to come on their own.

Nanachi: Now that you mention it, that bunch does like to make up their own rules, don't they?

Riko: We can ask the next White Whistle we come across.

Nanachi: You can't be serious. I bet they'd just be another scoundrel.

Reg (thinking): "The 6th Layer," the world of the absolute boundary from which no human can return.

(Cuts to the group seeing the Turbinid-Dragon, animated in CGI.)

Riko: A Turbinid-Dragon. They have terrible poisonous scales that rupture when struck. And it says that the males fight by aggressively slamming into each other. They're very tenacious and move freely in 3 dimensions without any regard to the Curse.

Reg: Pretty scary.

Riko: It says in this 6th Layer, one of them is as dangerous as a swarm of Amaranthine-Deceptors.

Nanachi: Nah. Pass on that.

(Next scene is at the Mizoujack nest.)

Riko: Oh, these guys. Must be Mizoujacks. It says they live near geothermals and are calm.

Nanachi: Geothermals? I don't see anything like that here. Does it say how they taste?

Riko: It says their freshly laid eggs are pretty good.

(Reg extends his arm, scaring the Mizoujacks. Riko dashes inside the nest.)

Riko: Hey, come here, guys! I found some eggs!

(One of the eggs start to move.)

Riko: Oh, they're moving!

Nanachi: Those don't seem like they're very freshly laid.

Riko: Well, maybe my mother never ate any just before they started hatching.

Reg: You wanna try to eat some?

(Flashing sound. The three and Meinya exit the nest to see what the light is.)

Nanachi: You see that? What is that light?

(The light appears to be an orange bubble. It increases its size. Meinya flies on Riko's head. The bubble pops and it rains lava, destroying the buildings and towards the main characters. Reg grabs hold of Riko and takes cover.)

Reg: What's that?

(Nanachi covers Riko's mouth.)

Nanachi: Poison gas! Don't breathe it in!

Meinya: Maa.

(More orange bubbles are created.)

Riko (muffled): What is that?

Reg: Time to run! Right now, guys!

(The bubbles make more lava rain as Riko, Reg, and Nanachi make a run for it.)

Nanachi: Hurry!

(The scene transitions to more scenery.)

Nanachi: Were those the geothermals she mentioned? What a terrible place to make a nest.

Riko: They were like huge bubbles, weren't they?

Nanachi: Riko, why does it sound like you're actually enjoying this?

(Riko uncovers the Mizoujack eggs from a dark blue blanket.)

Riko: Ta-da!

Reg: Whoa! They made it through that without breaking? Sure are strong.

(The next shot is Reg checking the temperature of the water.)

Riko: How is it?

Reg: Should be fine if we boil it.

(Cuts to the eggs boiling in the cauldron. The text reads "Better safe than sorry, so boil them well". After that, Riko uses a knife to cut the top of the egg open.)

Nanachi: I'm so hungry. Hurry up and open it.

(Riko sniffs the inside of the egg and the text reads "A scent of rich meat". The hatchling moves, much to the group's surprise.)

Reg: I-it's still alive even after we boiled it?

Nanachi: I don't know. It looks dead to me. Maybe it's just a reflex. Boiling must not be enough to break down their muscles. I wonder what sort of body they have. I would've preferred a freshly laid one.

(Reg picks up the hatchling out of the egg.)

Nanachi: Are you for real? You're actually gonna try it?

(The text reads "Testing for poison". Reg eats the hatchling and cringes when he feels it moving inside his mouth.)

Reg: I-It's moving inside my mouth!

Riko: Is it any good?

Reg: (Swallows hatchling) Can you give it a little flavor? If you do a good job, Nanachi might do it again.

Nanachi: What the heck? What do you mean by that?

(Riko holds up the ration bar.)

Nanachi: Riko, no! I don't want that thing!

(The scenes show Riko cooking the hatchlings.)

Riko (voice-over): Smash this up. Coat everything. And then, cook it!

(The text reads "Riko Eggs: Grilled Hatchling" and "Appearance: Somewhat fierce".)

Nanachi: It's still moving! And I admit, it does smell really good.

Riko: Mm!

Reg: Right? Pretty good once you get used to it.

(Nanachi quivers as they see the fried hatchling move, but quickly eats it. They gasp and drop the spoon.)

Riko: Was it too hot?

Nanachi: So hot.

(Nanachi drops down to the floor and messily eats their dish while they wag their tail. Reg and Riko high five.)

Riko and Reg: We did it!

Nanachi: (Coughs)

Riko: Here, just try to slow down a little. I gotta say, it feels like I've eaten this stuff somewhere else before, you know?

Reg: Well, I have no memory of it.

Riko: Oh, I remember now! At the orphanage! On Cave Raiding Memorial Day, a foreign, what was it again? Nah, I forget. But this tastes like the thing we cooked! And Nat, he liked it so much, he even tried to take other people's.

Nanachi: Who's Nat?

Reg: We mentioned him before. He's one of our friends from Orth.

Nanachi: Ah.

(Riko draws her friends and teacher from the surface.)

Riko: Nat. Shiggy, Kiyui, and Jiruo. I wonder if everyone's doing all right.

Nanachi: Even if you worry about 'em, it's not like you'll ever get to see 'em again, you know? Still, as long as you're in the Abyss, you cave raiders are forever connected. Riko, if it's weighing on you, why don't you send them a letter again?

Riko: (Gasps) That's right! Let's send 'em a letter! This is the 6th Layer of the Abyss after all! We have to let 'em know about Team Riko's achievements!

Nanachi: Sure, but can't we do something about the name "Team Riko"? It's boring.

Riko: Well, we'll use it till we think of something better.

Reg: Sometimes you're way too laid back, Riko. Like whenever we first met, she named me for a dog.

Nanachi: Well, you are kind of like a dog, right?

(The scene shows Nanachi finishing the letter.)

Nanachi: Here. All done.

Riko: Wow! Thank you so much, Nanachi!

Reg: You sure? Should you be in the sketch?

Nanachi: Come on. Like anyone could actually come down here and pursue us.

(The next shot is Riko holding the package covered in higa oil.)

Riko: All right. The higa oil to keep bugs and birds away is good to go! I hope they can handle this big a load.

Reg: Mm-hmm.

(Reg holds the mail balloon up in the sky.)

Reg: Shiggy once said the odds of a mail balloon reaching them from the deeper depths are extremely low. I wonder if that last mail balloon ever got there. And that said, is it even possible to make it from this far?

Nanachi: You know, you're in the Abyss. One's mindset has the ability to openly manifest itself.

Riko: Now, Reg.

(Reg releases the balloon.)

Nanachi: If your fears can take shape and manifest in your body, then couldn't your wishes also take shape and become reality? Let's just believe that the first one made it and this one is going to reach them as well.

Reg: Yeah.

(A flying creature snatches the mail balloon, leaving the group stunned. Riko breaks into tears. Reg pats her on the shoulder.)

Reg: The bird repellent didn't work on those guys, did it?

Nanachi: Don't worry about it. I bet your mom screwed up plenty of times like that before, too. Let's hit the sack for the night.

Riko: Yeah. I'll just sulk in bed.

(A Hollow with three gems observes Riko's team. The next day, Nanachi's tail is smothered on Reg. Nanachi wakes up and removes their tail, revealing that Reg was drooling on it. They yawn and see the letter has been drawn on Riko's part.)

Nanachi: What's going on here?

(Riko screams.)

Riko: She's gone! Gone! She's not here! Prushka's not here, even though I was wearing her!

Nanachi: Huh?

Riko: Where is she?

(Nanachi reminisces the clues of the drawn letter.)

Nanachi: Someone snatched the mail balloon from that bird, tracked us without me sensing their consciousness, got through Reg's arm trap with ease, and made a mess of things.

(Riko cries.)

Nanachi: I don't know who we're dealing with or even what it is they want from us.

(They use their finger to slide on the drawing.)

Nanachi: Iron. But it isn't blood that's on here. It's got some kind of mineral.

Reg: (Sniffs) And I smell some fat mixed in there, too.

Nanachi: (Puts on their hat) Going to the extra trouble of leaving clues behind. They're taking us for idiots.

Reg: Let's get going, then. We're going to get Prushka back!

Meinya: Meyaa.

Nanachi: No changes in the force field.

Reg: Prushka's scent is still there. Faint, but still present.

(The scene shows Reg extending his arm to descend further in the 6th Layer with Riko and Nanachi. Reg picks up Prushka's scent.)

Reg: This way.

Nanachi: Good doggy.

(Meinya spots two creatures.)

Riko: Hey, guys. Meinya just found something.

Reg: Whoa. Look at this. Must be the remains of some small animals.

Riko: Does this little thing have its butt sewn shut?

(Reg uses the dagger to cut the stitches off the creature. Red hair comes out of the rear end and the group are disgusted.)

Reg: Mixed in with the flesh and fat, there's something else in here.

Nanachi: Is that... It looks like hair, right? Can you follow their trail using that? What's wrong? What is it?

Reg: Oh no. No way! This came from you and Riko, Nanachi.

Riko and Nanachi: Huh?

(Nanachi checks Riko's pigtails and their tail.)

Nanachi: Oh my god. He's right! Riko's pigtail and my tail hairs. They plucked other spots, too, trying not to be noticeable. They did whatever they wanted, assaulting us as we slept there unaware. Damn them!

Reg: Irredeemable. Hey. Maybe we should stop and take a moment to regroup.

Riko: Uh-uh... Let's get going! We can't let something like this scare us!

(Nanachi pats Reg. Cuts to the trio at the ruin scenery. They see footprints.)

Nanachi: Footprints. Bipedal and seems really big. So, this is who we're after?

Reg: I can't tell. But we all seem to be headed in the same direction. They're moving upwind toward where the scent is stronger.

Nanachi: Let's go.

(The three and Meinya walk closer in the scenery until they enter the Village of the Hollows.)

Reg: This must be it.

Nanachi: Well... I've got a hunch we're about to have an encounter.

Riko: Another structure. Some sort of tower.

Reg: It almost looks like the carcass of some creature.

Nanachi: Hey, you guys. Do you notice anything? To the top-right of the entrance.

(Reg sees the symbol that has the same thing on the letter earlier.)

Reg: It's that symbol, the one marked on our picture! What's it mean, Nanachi?

Nanachi: Beats the heck out of me, but...

Riko: Let's go. We're gonna get our Prushka back!

Nanachi: Yeah, Riko, you said it. Luckily, the ground leading to that entrance is pretty level. No need to worry about the strains coming or going.

(Reg finds some creatures below the bridge.)

Reg: Interesting.

Riko: All this stuff's new to me.

Reg: Are you two ready for this?

Nanachi: Nnaa... We'll at least make a lot of smoke as we make our way there. Counting on you if things go bad.

Reg: I'll take care of it.

(Nanachi lights fire in three brooms.)

Nanachi: Now, you two better get ready for this.

Riko: Mm-hmm.

(The Hollow from earlier watches the trio again.)

Faputa: suso... sa...

Reg: Did you hear that, Nanachi?

Riko: Hear what? Tell me!

Nanachi: Nnaa... But I have no idea where it's coming from. It does kind of sound like a person's voice, though.

Riko: What's going on?

Reg: Riko, someone's watching us right now. I don't know who or what. But let's keep going. Stopping would be dangerous.

(The scene shifts to the village's entrance.)

Reg: Are those human body parts?

Riko: Hey. Is something blocking the smoke?

Reg: Is it the force field? What do you think?

Nanachi: Don't know. I'm not able to see it either. It does look like the force field is interrupted here though. No idea what it could be.

Reg: (Places his arm out) I-I suppose I'm up now! 'Kay! I'm about to go through!

(Reg slowly reaches to the entrance.)

Nanachi: Thanks for doing this. I know you're easily scared.

(Meinya jumps into the entrance.)

Reg: So, guys, am I inside yet? What's going on? Give me an update!

(Riko, Reg, and Nanachi enter the village.)

Riko: Ears, nails, jaws, ribs. (Groans) What could this be?

(The three have arrived at the center of the village. The camera shows all of the Hollows, including Belaf and Wazukyan.)

Reg: What are-- Who are they?