(grasslands)
(The episode opens with the tenth episode's events. Reg is crying over Riko, who is cursed by the Orb Piercer. Nanachi observes this and approaches to Reg.)

Narrator: Flowers bloom... as untold deaths provide their nourishment. They lie buried at the bottom of this world, but unless a person is directly affected, this is not something one can truly comprehend. In fact, one should simply be captivated by the dazzling beauty and push onward, seeking to only tread firmly on the ground below, for your tragedy, too, is sure to become sustenance, giving birth to the blooms of a new spring.

Reg: Riko, no! Open your eyes, Riko! Riko.

Nanachi: You're very noisy. That girl there, her heart is still beating, just so you know, though it could possibly stop at any moment.

Reg: Wha- What are you?

Nanachi: (Groans) I'm just a fluffy stuffed animal. I've come here to try and comfort you two.

Reg: Huh? You what? Who the heck do you think you are?

Nanachi: I'm happy to properly introduce myself. But first, wouldn't it be best to hear how we can go about saving her?

Reg: Wha- Riko.

Nanachi: This is quite bad.

Reg: What should I do? Please tell me. I want to save my friend. How can I get her to breathe again?

Nanachi: Just pucker up, and blow a breath directly into her mouth, just like a kiss. Do you know how to do that?

(Reg blows into Riko's mouth, giving her CPR. After that, Riko starts to breathe again.)

Reg: Yes, she's breathing again. It's working. Thank you. Thank you so much.

Nanachi: It's still too early to relax just yet. She hasn't regained consciousness.

Reg: No? Well, then what's next? What do I do?

Nanachi: Just calm down. You do this. You need to carry the girl back to my hideout. I'll figure something out.

Reg: Wait, you'll what? But you don't anything about the two of us.

Nanachi: Yes, perhaps you should keep your distance.

(Nanachi and Reg go inside the hideout.)

Reg: What is this place? What's all this cave raiding equipment doing here? And those whistles? Excuse me, who are you exactly?

Nanachi: Ah, I suppose I never did tell you my name. (Takes off their hood) You may call me Nanachi. I'm what you cave raiders have come to fear. I am a Hollow.

(Theme song. The episode's title reads "Nanachi". Cuts back to Nanachi's hideout.)

Reg: You're known as a "Hollow"? It looks like a child.

Nanachi: Interesting. So you've never heard anything about us? Ah, well, suppose you don't look like a normal cave raider. All right, lay her down over here.

Reg: (Gulps) Nanachi, please forgive me. I don't mean to be rude, but aren't you about the same age as us?

Nanachi: You nervous? You want to go and try finding someone else?

(Riko winces.)

Reg: I beg you, please do what you can to save her.

Nanachi: There we go. That's a good boy.

(The next scene is Nanachi doing arm surgery on Riko.)

Nanachi: Among cave raiders, it's pretty common to handle a wound like this, but that's because they don't know the proper way to do it.

Reg: What are you- The poison is going to-

Nanachi: Don't be so melodramatic. The poison will flow through her body, and then we'll get rid of it. This is medicine made from a friend of mine, that I hardened with wax. When it's not possible to give orally, you have to use the other end.

Reg: (Blushes) Oh, I don't-

Nanachi: Now, let's move on to her arm. First, remove the bone fragments, and then stitch up the blood vessels and flesh. Oh, look, this white thing right here is a nerve. A number of them were severely damaged. But I'm not very good at stitching these up, though. Still, the way you cut her is pretty gruesome. It's a good thing she passed out on you.

(Nanachi stitches up Riko's swollen arm. The scene transitions to the splinter on Riko's hand.)

Nanachi: All right, I think that should do for the time being.

Reg: That's a relief.

Nanachi: I'm afraid now comes the hard part. I'm going to need you to fetch a bunch of stuff for me.

Reg: Just tell me what I need to do!

Nanachi: Yeah, not so close. Keep your distance.

Reg: I'm sorry for doubting you earlier! Tell me what it is you need, whatever it takes to save her!

Nanachi: I have a question. Why didn't you just cut her at the elbow joint, when you were severing her arm? You could have gotten it off without breaking the bone.

Reg: Well, I-

Nanachi: Were you, perhaps, just following her directions?

Reg: I was.

Nanachi: Oh, I see then. She must be an extraordinary girl.

Reg: Hm?

Nanachi: If the part passed the elbow is left intact, then it totally changes what one can do when cave raiding. She was still determined to press on. Even finding herself in this situation, she still didn't want to give up on her adventure.

Reg: (Gasps) Oh...

(Riko breathes heavily.)

Reg: R-Riko. Oh, that's right. I still haven't told you what our names are yet, have I? My name's Reg, and that's Riko.

Nanachi: Yes, I know.

Reg: Huh?

Nanachi: It's the first time anyone like you two have ever come around here. Ever since you entered my hunting grounds, I've heard everything you said.

Reg: Then... Then you're...

(Flashback.)

Reg: You're the presence I sensed once we got to the 4th Layer.

(Flashback ends.)

Reg: So it was you this whole time.

Nanachi: Yeah, that sounds right. I was watching every move you made, or I wouldn't have been there to treat the Orb Piercer's poison.

Reg: So you were there, even...even when that thing attacked us?

Nanachi: That's right. I was watching and listening. Well, now, the look on your face says you're wondering why I didn't help you. I was only interested in knowing what you were up to. In all honesty, I had no intention of showing myself.

Reg: Wha- So why did you save us then?

Nanachi: Because I started to pity to you. (Imitates Reg) "Oh, Riko, don't leave me behind!" You were sobbing like some poor, little lost kid. I couldn't stand it anymore.

(Reg blushes as he feels insulted and embarrassed. As he tears up, he hears a cooing noise.)

Reg: What's that? Is there someone else who lives here?

Nanachi: Just my roommate. I'll introduce you.

(Reg and Nanachi go into another room.)

Nanachi: Let me present to you my cute little Mitty.

(Nanachi's roommate, Mitty, is revealed to be a pink misshapen blob with cat ears and paws and missing one eye. It does not speak but only coos.)

Reg: What is that?

Nanachi: This child is also a Hollow.

Reg: What?

Nanachi: Have you heard the perils of ascending from the 6th Layer?

Reg: I was told it causes the loss of humanity, or even death, at times.

Nanachi: Right. If someone survives the ascension, this is what becomes of them. Their personality and intellect vanish. The person becomes a Hollow husk of who they once were. No matter what has been tried, no one's ever gone back to how they were. That trick you used where you extended your arm, just thinking about what would happen if you did that on this 6th Layer is pretty thrilling.

Reg: But, Nanachi, you're not- you don't look anything like that.

Nanachi: (Petting Mitty) Well, yeah. There's a reason for that, you see. I'm an exception among exceptions. So don't get your hopes up too much.

(Mitty coos.)

Nanachi: There, there, Mitty. You know you're exceptional too. That reminds me. If a cave raider ever becomes a Hollow, their fellow cave raiders kill them and collect their belongings. Given the alternative, I suppose it's better to tell people they died. Imagine if I were out in the open like this. I am living proof that it's possible to return from the 6th Layer while still retaining some sense of humanity. Naturally, people would come capture me, if they could. Revealing myself to a bunch of cave raiders is a big risk for me. Even if it was only out of pity, saving someone is a good thing, right?

Reg: I see. That's your situation. I'm sorry for that.

Nanachi (thinking): Such a softy.

(Cuts to Nanachi sketching errands for Reg.)

Nanachi: There, I'm done sketching it.

Reg: Huh? What's this?

Nanachi: The materials necessary for healing Riko, and where to find them. I even signed it for you.

(Reg gasps.)

Nanachi: She still has some internal bleeding, and her arm will likely rot off, at this rate. Listen, all I've done at this point is effectively delay her death.

Reg: Wha-

Nanachi: She'll hold on for another 12 hours. If it takes longer than that, you better think of a tactful way to say goodbye.

Reg: (Gasps) Don't say something like that!

(Reg runs out of the hideout. He has a flashback of the hooded Nanachi.)

Nanachi: I guess you aren't able to see it after all.

Reg: Later, I need to ask what that means exactly. There's so much to keep up with. I just can't keep calm. But for right now, I need only think of saving Riko.

(The scene cuts back to the hideout. Nanachi looks at the White Whistle.)

Nanachi: I was right. My eyes didn't deceive me, after all.

(A flashback shows inside the 5th Layer.)

Bondrewd: Nanachi. Nanachi. This new Cartridge is wonderful. I'm very pleased. I wish you would look happier. It's all thanks to you, after all. Come on, smile for me. Let us celebrate to the success of the experiment.

(Flashback ends. Reg is running some errands in the Goblets of Giants.)

Nanachi: You can gather most of it on the western side. Stay out of the central region. Orby is in there.

Reg: "Orby"? Does Nanachi mean the Orb Piercer?

(The next shot is Reg going on the lake.)

Nanachi (voice-over): Bring back a Demonfish. The bigger the better.

(Reg uses his extendable arm to catch the Demonfish.)

Nanachi (voice-over): Choose one with clear color distinction between its back and belly.

(Reg puts the Demonfish in the bag until he sees another one.)

Nanachi (voice-over): I need giant Hammerbeak eggs. Take just one per nest. Freshly-laid ones are best.

(The scene shows Reg on the Hammerbeak's nest. He picks up a black egg.)

Reg: This should do.

(Mother Hammerbeak attacks Reg.)

Reg: Stop it! Cut it out!

(Cuts to Reg climbing on a tree.)

Nanachi (voice-over): Pick some yellow shining grass. Find a spot where a lot of it is growing, and grab the stuff that smells somewhat better than the nest.

(Reg grabs yellow grass on the tree, upside down and smells two of them. Next shot is a forest of Shroombears.)

Nanachi (voice-over): Find me a Shroombear infected with Water Shrooms.

(Reg sneaks up behind the Shroombear and jumps on it. He then puts it in the bag.)

Reg: All right, I think that's everything. (Runs in the forest) Do it, Reg. Make it in time.

(The scene cuts back at Nanachi's hideout.)

Reg: Riko. (Opens curtain) Riko! Ack!

(Nanachi has taken off Riko's clothes.)

Reg: RIKO! Wh-what are you- What do you think you're doing?

Nanachi: (Sighs) You're so loud. If we just leave her soaking in blood and urine, she'll get a rash. (Gives Riko's clothes to Reg) Look. She really peed quite a lot. You're going to need to wash those.

Reg: (Stammers) Is Riko going to be all right now? Sorry if I misunderstood. So, um... Is she doing okay?

Nanachi: Calm down, you piece of junk. (Opens bag) Splendid. This one's just perfect. You did pretty good.

Reg: Yeah?

Nanachi: Well, let's get started right way. You and I are going to save Riko.

Reg: Okay.

Nanachi: These water mushrooms are parasitic in nature.

(The scene shows how a Shroombear survives itself.)

Nanachi (voice-over): But when it looks like their host is finally about to kneel over and die, they share their stored up nutrients to revive the host. If the number of Shroombears in a new den increases, there'll be more Water Shrooms. It's a symbiotic relationship. They need each other.

(Cuts to Nanachi planting the Water Shroom on Riko's arm.)

Nanachi: While Riko's still unconscious, we're going to plant them on her and put them to good use. She's got a good vein in there anyway, so we'll plant them right by her wound. That should help with the bone's healing process, as well. Also, they will help prevent the rotting of her flesh. But they hurt like crazy when you pull them off.

Reg: (Whimpers) Um, Nanachi, what are you using the fish and the rest of this stuff for?

Nanachi: That should be obvious. For my dinner, of course.

Reg: Ah! I cannot believe you! Seriously, I gathered all this up. What would have happened if I'd been too late?

Nanachi: Oh, calm down. You have to make so much noise all the time?

Reg: But why would you cut it so close? She's in bad shape!

Nanachi: I've been tending to her since she got here, so it's not like I can go find food. If I collapse from hunger, who's going to treat your precious friend then?

Reg: I suppose that's true. Forgive my rudeness.

Nanachi: As long as you understand. (Thinking) Such a pushover.

(Reg still gets worried about Riko.)

Nanachi: Don't make that sad little face. I know it doesn't look pretty, but at least this will save her life.

Reg: What? Really? You mean it? You mean she's really saved this time around?

Nanachi: That's just what I said.

Reg: (In tears) Thank you. You're just the best. I owe you everything!

Nanachi: (Groans) You're too close again.

(Reg touches Nanachi and rubs them.)

Reg: You really are quite fluffy, aren't you?

Nanachi: Hey, why don't you just go out back and wash Riko's pee-stained clothes? There's a riverbed you can use out there.

Reg: (Sighs) Yeah, okay.

(While Reg goes out to wash Riko's clothes, he sees a garden of Eternal Fortunes.)

Reg: Whoa. "Flowers of Fortitude," Eternal Fortunes. Are those gravestones?

Voice: I'll be going now, Lyza.

(Loud heartbeat, Reg gasps. In a vision, the Blaze Reap can be seen on the gravestone.)

Reg: The... Blaze Reap! But why is it here? (Walks to it a little closer) How's that possible? I was sure the Orb Piercer kicked it away. Wait... Where am I? How did I- Riko. N-Nanachi. (Looks at the necklace) What? What is this thing?

(Cut back to reality; Nanachi places their hand on Reg's shoulder, making him scream.)

Nanachi: What's up? So what are you doing there?

Reg: Na- Uh, Nanachi? How did-

Nanachi: You all right, Reg? You were just standing there staring at a girl's pee-stained clothes.

Reg: Huh? Oh, I was? No, it's not like that.

Nanachi: Naa...

Reg: Nanachi, how'd the Blaze Reap get over there?

(The Blaze Reap is not shown on the gravestone.)

Nanachi: Oh, great. So you really have become a piece of junk? I guess you have been through quite a lot. But it's time to cheer up. And while you're at it, why don't you wash this for me too?

(Nanachi gives Reg a piece of clothing and goes back to their hideout.)

Reg: Wha- What did I see? (Thinking) If it wasn't this place, was it somewhere similar? And that voice... If I'm not mistaken, that was my voice, and my own memories, wasn't it? In that case, the one mourning for Lyza was-

(At the hideout, Mitty crawls on Riko. Reg is going downstairs.)

Reg (thinking): Was I the one who buried her? Can't be. Ozen said no one was buried there. I don't understand any of this.

(Mitty coos as she looks at Riko. The scene makes a close up on her eye as the episode ends.)